Honey, what are you talking about?
I'm telling the truth.
I'm absolutely not going to give it to him.
But you've spent all your money.
What does a white body rely on to run for office?
Stay here.
How do you know I'm not qualified?
So what do you choose?
Just rely on me, Li Unspeakable.
These three words
Li Buan, you are so shameless.
What can your name represent?
There's no my name.
Egret International can't take a step. Egret International can't do it without you.
It's funny how you want to rely on your white body to run for Egret's head of international affairs?
Do you value your home?
Quang Ling Wang this person took a white body of tea into the hall.
Moreover, it is openly disturbing the Peak Loc Association.
That's arrogant.
I woke up and kicked him out of the room.
You study police.
This guy is here to mess up.
You can publish the results.
It's already here.
That's enough, you can announce it.
Yes, I announce.